It is the corner of the annoyance this week Sankei Sports Morita
Just Color Shimmer Suhai Well this week, yes I heard'm 3 days company
Although wild vegetables address newcomer Memorial is you get to denial
Anyway, I have to pay attention to this first of all with Mickey
I of I hear anymore at all ideal Yes this watch
I think there was a thing Well wonderful'm not
As a result, the Asahi Cup Futurity Stakes were full of exclusion but the same stage
Made in
Hirai I guess you want to change in the morning
Thought Well also I is taboo if the horse racing
It is a little non-stop height of the vehicle Nde I think that's it
At first it may move to the center as it is, so it will be said that the morning sun has it
I Nde was talking about
Even in the morning, day, night and night, even if you protect the winter full bloom
Well if the care recipient go out action we think this direct confrontation remains little I red that out fee
Although it was quite outside frame,
Please stand around well, that's true
So you can've Ms. third floor is likely to sleep and experience value that was not true g Nee
But you'd better not do the experience say that speed I think it's around here pretty fun
is not it
How is it just after? Well, Morris is over that at -1100 meters of that.
By'm there is also a course achievements and
1 The extension of spring is the key though
Well I think the difference between pass and who I think and how yes No
Would you say that the Well elastically would like that's right or price hole
It's a bit of a melancholy battle here, but I've arranged in almost anything together
But
Yes First, the place that whether is out of school first, the addition in the I is what
Yes I pay attention to the way signpost
Webber non-deposition in the value ordering saffron bedtime path bought was after I saffron Award
When the claim is also met last time
To Well really take 3 pieces of marble cathedral Ano Toppi also top class and Mr. appearance
I am doing
Oh dear
I can't get the prize money that I missed a bit here, but it's a costume but it's Kura
There is certainly a feeling like a bar, yes you are
There is a catch-up from the I g cancer defeat the Well that spite
I have to go with Shinbo-chan to see if there is no political situation or if it is quite interesting
Though
It Nde a race trend Tteyuu rewound I like that
After all the idea of ​​saying that I ran experience value came to come
The eighth episode degree that I can feel and grisaje here Yes pattern
It 's a nine-piece horse with a sweat- open ass stakes that the man fought, but the experience has lived up to now
The
Shinmachi that debut debut is
Because I am buying in front of Nakayama, I think that the tongue is also high
Well Well mother say from even a g 1 tend-out horse Speaking is not paid great Nigatsudo's
Raised you
It is so not a have viewed collectively strong capital live date then little is I had a
Well, anyway, it's good that the lottery is over.
jrf I'm getting strange, so I think it's the correct answer and the Chinese body
It is a color